---
layout: assignment
due: 2025-04-29 23:59:59 -0700
github_url: https://classroom.github.com/a/ZicDWuoZ
published: true
---

## Requirements

In this project, you will
1. Use the AI coding assistant of your choice (e.g. Cursor, Roo, CoPilot) rather than 
writing the code yourself
1. Enhance your tool-calling lab to run in a loop, accumulating a slice of
`openai.ChatCompletionMessage` which provides a running session (or "context") for your 
questions. Example output

    Q. Who is teaching CS 272?

    A. Philip Peterson is teaching CS 272

    Q. What's his email address?

    A. Philip Peterson's email address is phpeterson@usfca.edu

1. Write an original tool. Think of a useful scenario for tool calling and implement it, e.g.

    Q. Take me to the web page where I can ...

1. Handle multiple argument and multiple tools, e.g.:

    Q. What are Phil Peterson and Greg Benson teaching?

    Q. What courses is Phil Peterson teaching in LS G12?


## Given

1. We will discuss design strategies for utilizing the LLM's context window
1. You will probably need to reuse some of your project05 code which provides 
hints to the LLM in a user prompt
1. The `chromadb-go` package has been updated to support the latest version of
the ChromaDB API. To avoid unnecessary changes, I suggest copying your `go.mod` 
and `go.sum` files from your previous assignments. You've been using `0.1.4` 
and `2.0.0` introduces substantial API changes
1. Please avoid developing this code as much as possible. If you have to debug
a problem, please use what you learn in a prompt to the LLM.

## Rubric

1. 60 pts - Demo of your project working
1. 20 pts - Record your prompts and answers provided by the coding assistant
1. 20 pts - Review the code generated by the LLM coding assistant, filing issues 
in your repo for any suggestions for improvement

Although we will have a review meeting, the reviewers will not generate issues, 
and you do not have to open any Pull Requests